Mod 8 - HW - Forms

You will use the assig7.html file that you will find among the files 
you downloaded for this course

The main objective of this assignment is to verify that you know how 
to use the appropriate form controls you learned

You will see that the form element, the Submit, and Clear buttons, 
and the CSS that will be applied to all elements of the page, have 
been coded and should not be modified.

What you will need to do is to code the form controls elements to 
have the following:

* First Name - this field should be required and accept a maximum 
of 15 characters
* Last Name - this field should accept only a maximum of 25 characters
* Age - this field should accept only numbers between 18 and 65 (both included)
* Email - this field should be required
* Date of Membership - this field should accept a date but only 
up to 2021-12-31 - the user should not be able to enter any date 
after that limit.
* Choose your reward - this will be a field with the options as 
shown in the right bottom part of the image below

The image below shows how the form will be shown on the page - 
notice that the CSS is using the pseudo-class :focus to give the 
gold color when a field is selected by the user (when the field 
receives the focus).

You should make your form accessible and you should use the new 
HTML5 elements.

how the input fields and labels in assignment 7 will look in the 
browser

After the form, you will insert a link to go from this assignment 
page to the assignments.html page (the one you build in mini project 1) 
and it should open in the same tab/window).

 

Submitting your work
1. After you finish changing assig7.html, save the file and test on 
the browser
2. Modify the assignments.html page to include a link to this assignment 
with meaningful words such as Forms or Building Forms. Make sure the 
link will open in the same tab/window.
3. Upload all the files to your web server
4. Test the file again using the URL in the browser - starting from 
homework1.html, then going to assignments.html page and then going to 
this page and then back - all links should open ok and in the same tab/window.
5. Copy and paste the URL of your homework1.html or the assignment.html 
in the box provided below and make sure you click on the Submit/Save button 
to submit your work

Checklist for grading
* The HTML is valid - the only acceptable detail is the possible warning 
about the date field but everything else should be valid - 2 points
* The URL you provided does not give any type of NOT FOUND or FORBIDDEN 
error for any of the links - 2 points
* The elements of the form were created following all requirements - 6 points