CNIT-132 – MeetUp / Tutorial Report
REMEMBER: There is NO LATE SUBMISSION for this assignment!!!
We used to have great Meetups before the pandemic: great meetings, fantastic info, good food, and wine. I have modified this assignment to include tutorials. A webinar works as well. 
You should find a Remote MeetUp or Tutorial that is related to web development or SEO, participate in one meeting or workshop of the group of your choice and then create a web page reporting that meeting or tutorial.
I wanted to make some recommendations to you and you can all use the discussion forum dedicated to MeetUp to suggest some to your classmates.
There are millions of HTML & CSS tutorials/workshops. I would appreciate your contributions and recommendations to this list.
1- Your page should have an image of your participation (preferably a screen print of your participation in the workshop or meeting).
2- You should write a couple of paragraphs about the group (objectives, the frequency they meet (or post videos), the subject of the meeting you attended, what you learned, etc.).
3- In the content, you should create a link to the MeetUp page or video of the tutorial you "attended."
4- After you build your page, upload to your preferred web server and post the URL here in the text box below.
 
Submitting your work:
Validate your work using the W3C Validator
When finishing your page, upload all necessary files to your web server
Hit the Submit Assignment button
Type or Copy & Paste the URL to your page that you uploaded to the web server (Hills or another web server you are using)
Click on the Submit Assignment button to submit your work
 

Checklist for grading: – Total = 10 points:

You posted a valid URL (no NOT FOUND, no FORBIDDEN messages) – 1 point
You included the elements requested – 5 points
The HTML, CSS used are well organized and valid – 3 points
The content of the page is related to the MeetUp group, or workshop, or tutorial you have participated and contains good information about it - 1 point